add "Install Shell Commands" command note [ci skip] (#208)
pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io: docs/docs/launch-manual/sections/getting-started/sections/pulsar-basics.md

Another way to open a file in Pulsar is from the command line using the `pulsar`
command.

::: note Note
**Install Shell Commands on macOS**

> The Pulsar Command Palette has a command named "Install Shell Commands" which installs the `pulsar` and `ppm` commands if Pulsar wasn't able to install them itself on a macOS system.

Reviewer: I would probably go with directing to the menu bar item rather than the command palette command personally (I assume it hasn't moved).

Reviewer 2: Yeah, seams more logical to me too

> On Linux and Windows commands are installed automatically as a part of Pulsar's installation process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On Linux commands are installed automatically as a part of Pulsar's installation process. Windows requires the path to be [exposed manually](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar/issues/187) by the user at this time.
```

Reviewer: Appimage is the exception for Linux as it doesn't get integrated and would probably need a command installer exposed at some point too.
